[WIP] Context menu, checks, and cooldowns guide (#7952)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/interactions/context_menus.rst

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _guide_interactions_context-menus:

Context Menus
==============

> Context menus allow for commands to be triggered through a ``context menu`` upon right clicking a related object, then selecting the name of the command to run from the ``Apps`` menu.

Reviewer: This looks odd when built, maybe drop the blocks on "context menu"
```suggestion
Context menus allow for commands to be triggered through a context menu upon right clicking a related object, then selecting the name of the command to run from the ``Apps`` menu.
```

- Context menus can be categorized into two separate types, one for :class:`.User` and :class:`.Member` objects, and one for :class:`.Message` objects.

> - The command does not have any arguments, and will simply return the target object.

Reviewer: This seems out of place for a prose. It might make more sense to restructure this to refer to the discord UI for the prose, before diving into the code details later on.

Basic Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: python3

    @app_commands.context_menu(name="User Context")
    async def example(interaction: discord.Interaction, user: Union[discord.User, discord.Member]):
        await interaction.response.send_message(f"Interacting with user {user}.", ephemeral=True)

    @app_commands.context_menu(name="Message Context")
    async def example(interaction: discord.Interaction, message: discord.Message):
        await interaction.response.send_message(f"Interacting with message {message.content}.", ephemeral=True)

- The ``name`` argument of the :func:`@context_menu <.app_commands.context_menu>` decorator defines the command name that appears in the context menu.

> - The second argument can be of type :class:`.User`, :class:`.Member`, or Union[:class:`.User`, :class:`.Member`] for user context menus.

Reviewer 2: I think I originally wrote this before that feature was available, it has been updated now.

> - Likewise, using the second argument of type :class:`.Message` will apply to message context menus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Likewise, for message context menus, the second argument would be of type :class:`.Message`.
```

- Any messages sent to the :attr:`~.Interaction.response` attribute of the :class:`.Interaction` will appear in the channel that the user of the context menu currently has open.
- The profile image of the bot which owns a particular command will appear next to the command in the context menu.

> The ``User Context`` menu produces an option that looks like the following:

Reviewer: This looks odd when built, can we drop the blocks?
```suggestion
The User Context Menu produces an option that looks like the following:
```

.. image:: /images/guide/interactions/user_context_menu.png

> The ``Message Context`` menu produces an option that looks like the following:

Reviewer: This looks odd when built, can we drop the blocks?
```suggestion
The Message Context Menu produces an option that looks like the following:
```

.. image:: /images/guide/interactions/message_context_menu.png

..

>     TODO: Move checks into separate guide.

Reviewer: Todo seems to be accomplished
